[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna go back and take a look at
the pinnacle of zom comes with the 2004
film Shaun of the Dead let's get to it
we opened on Shawn having a chat with
his girlfriend Liz about his intrusive
flatmate Edie he tries to convince Liz
and her friends Diana and David that
it's a good guy just misunderstood can I
get any a you comes drink see he's
offering you buy drinks we learned that
Shawn is stuck in a rut desiring to
spend all of his time at the Winchester
his local pub but liz is looking for
some variety in her life so Shawn tries
to smooth things over by making a
flaccid promise to get reservations to a
restaurant the next night and then he
heads home the next morning Shawn gets
ready for work and we learned there's a
tension at home as well as his other
flatmate Pete has matured into a
responsible adult right in front of
their eyes and doesn't appreciate Ed's
lack of contribution to the household
they have a quick talk ed conveys his
understanding by ripping ass and Shawn
heads out on his way to work we see some
subtle clues of an unfolding drama in
the broader world but stay tunneled in
on Shawn's narrow perspective at work
Shawn is visited by his stepdad Phillip
who reminds him of the bimonthly visit
with his mum coming out he grabs some
flowers in preparation and heads home
finding the bus rides somewhat more
pestilent than normal he runs across his
ex Yvonne on the way home and they catch
up when she inquires about Liz he
realizes that in juggling two to three
responsibilities that day he's
completely forgotten to get a
reservation he tries but is unable to
secure a table having missed the last
available by a few minutes which is a
real kick in the bollocks
he breaks the sad news to Liz but has a
consolation prize all lined up a visit
to the Winchester which she rejects
outright he tries to smooth things over
but finds David actively working against
him apparently wanting both Diane and
Liz all to himself and Liz officially
breaks up with him he goes to the
Winchester to drown his sorrows but the
environment is a bit too sad so they
take the party home where it's crashed
by Pete trying to get some sleep and
feeling under the weather after being
nibbled upon by a piss difference
crackhead on his way home from work in
the light of the hard truths Pete lays
on him Shawn leaves a message for his
future self waking up and finding the
determination to improve his life first
stop nibbles from the c-store along the
way there are ample indications of
drastic environmental changes overnight
but Shawn is too focused on his
objective to take notice he's not home
for long before they become distracted
by a girl in the garden she's presumed
to drunk and mildly Randy when she comes
on too strong Shawn gives her a firm
shove with a butt clenching
oops as the result their manslaughter
charges quickly downgraded though when
she slowly pulls herself back up they
run inside and find all the emergency
numbers engaged in the news informs them
the only way to remedy the situation is
to remove the head or destroy the brain
and gets a bit of the old bloodlust so
they go out to test a few small
lightweight items when these obviously
fail Shawn busts into the locks shed for
some more serious implements of
destruction and when they put their
shoulders into it they find the skulls
have a satisfying way of giving in like
a couple of overripe casaba melons back
inside Shawn tries to call Liz but
accidentally picks up a call from his
mum and finds out Philips been bit they
develop a plan that involves picking up
Barbra killing Philip getting Liz and
holing up at the Winchester whoever
things don't go to plan almost
immediately when they arrive and find
Barbra and willing to leave and Philip
not yet turned now forced to bring him
along they run out to find EADS seem to
ensuring that they have to take the Jag
and they have to move quickly because
some zombies shamble in and one of them
peels a little flapjack off Philips neck
at Liz's he finds similar difficulty
first forced to climb up the facade
finding them equally unwilling to leave
and in greater numbers than the plan
considered he eventually convinces them
and as they pass through the courtyard
they managed to get their slaughter legs
beneath them they eventually crammed
into the car and leaf along the way
Philip has a touching heart-to-heart
with Sean about fatherhood before
tagging out but he's not dead for long
forcing them to ditch the car they
slowly walk along the back alleys
ignoring the new horrors that now
represent daily life eventually crossing
paths with Devon and her band of merry
survivalists Devon is surprised by their
plan but maintains her British courtesy
as they each continue on their briefly
waylaid when Barbra investigates what
she believes to be an old friends house
and Sean has left mostly on his own to
take care of it they find the coast is
far from clear so Diane leads them
through some acting warm-ups as they
work shop some ideas they shamble across
the expanse but kick it in and Sean
finds an inopportune time to gather up
the courage to set ed straight blowing
their cover
so David breaks the window and Sean
leads the horde around the back so the
others can get in upon his return they
begin to realize they can't sit around
in the dark with nibbles and pig snacks
forever when the street lights come on
they recognise their current situation
as fuse related so Sean goes to flip the
breakers and discovers that he didn't do
as good of a job slipping the hoard as
he thought when lights come back on so
does the jukebox alerting the zombies
outside to their presence the barkeep
also reveals himself and they pummel him
to the beat of a queen song giving up a
little power in exchange for her
synchronicity a risky venture
but they managed to kill two birds with
one stone then they used the power of
teamwork to manage their one rifle in 29
shells after a somewhat successful first
round they fortified their base as Sean
and the others discovered Barbara was
bit back in the garden she didn't tell
anyone until now because she didn't
wanna be a bother
David acting as a proper [ __ ] sheds his
pacifism and tries to make a pragmatic
decision right in the middle of the
emotional climax of their adventure
things fall apart quickly when David is
rebuffed and finds himself so put off
that he attempts to leave venturing too
close to the window and being feasted
upon Dianne distraught beyond reason
grabs a ham hock and runs out to get her
vengeance Shaun pulls a bar trick
straight out of cocktails and it just
barely makes it over before they head to
the cellar they decide to make a last
stand saying farewell to Ed and leaving
him with the gun then taking the loader
to street level right as the military
rolls in to clean up along with some
renegade head smashing enthusiasts six
months later we find society back to
normal
aside from the now burgeoning zombie
slave market Liz and Sean are living
happily together and and is always
available for casual gaming in the shed
and now is Shaun of the Dead the
absolute grandpappy of zombie comedies
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching